feat(dashboards): improve customizability (#349)
cdklabs/cdk-monitoring-constructs: README.md

Both of these monitoring base classes are dashboard segments, so you can add them to your monitoring by calling `.addSegment()` on the `MonitoringFacade`.

### Custom dashboards

If you want *even* more flexibility, you can take complete control over dashboard generation by leveraging dynamic dashboarding features. This allows you to create an arbitrary number of dashboards while configuring each of them separately. You can do this in three simple steps:

> 1. Create the dynamic dashboard factory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a dynamic dashboard factory
```

Author: Fixed

2. Create `IDynamicDashboardSegment` implementations

> 3. Add Dynamic Segments to MonitoringFacade

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add Dynamic Segments to your `MonitoringFacade`
```

Author: Fixed

> #### **Create the dynamic dashboard factory**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Create a dynamic dashboard factory
```

Author: Fixed

The below code sample will generate two dashboards with the following names:
* ExampleDashboards-HostedService
* ExampleDashboards-Infrastructure

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```ts
```

Also, unindent the lines.

Author: Fixed everywhere.

  // create the dynamic dashboard factory.
  const factory = new DynamicDashboardFactory(stack, "DynamicDashboards", {
    dashboardNamePrefix: "ExampleDashboards",
    // a list of dashboard names is the minimum required config information
    // for creating dynamic dashboards
    dashboardConfigs: [

>       { name: "HostedService" },

Reviewer: Could use an enum in the example to nudge people towards stronger typing.

Author: Great idea. Fixed.

>       { name: "Infrastructure" },

Reviewer: Make one of these show a few more options as an example.

Author: Fixed.

    ],
  });
```

> #### **Create `IDynamicDashboardSegment` implementations**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Create `IDynamicDashboardSegment` implementations
```

Author: Fixed

> For each construct you want monitored, you will need to create an implementation of an `IDynamicDashboardSegment`. I will leave more complex implementations of this interface as an excercise for the reader and we will use the following simple reference implementation for examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each construct you want monitored, you will need to create an implementation of an `IDynamicDashboardSegment`. The following is a basic reference implementation as an example:
```

Author: Fixed.

```
class ExampleSegment implements IDynamicDashboardSegment {
  widgetsForDashboard(name: string): IWidget[] {
    // this logic is what's responsible for allowing your dynamic segment to return
    // different widgets for different dashboards
    if (name === "HostedService") {
      return [new TextWidget({ markdown: "This shows metrics for your service hosted on AWS Infrastructure" })];
    } else if (name === "Infrastucture") {
      return [new TextWidget({ markdown: "This shows metrics for the AWS Infrastructure supporting your hosted service" })];
    } else {
      throw new Error("Unexpected dashboard name!");
    }
  }
}
```

> #### **Add Dynamic Segments to MonitoringFacade**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Add Dynamic Segments to `MonitoringFacade`
```

Author: Fixed

When you have instances of an `IDynamicDashboardSegment` to use, they can be added to your dashboard like this:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```ts
```

Also unindent.

Author: Fixed everywhere.

  monitoring.addDynamicSegment(new ExampleSegment());
```

Now, this widget will be added to both dashboards and will show different content depending on the dashboard. Using the above example code, two dashboards will be generated with the following content:

* Dashboard Name: "ExampleDashboards-HostedService"
  * Content: "This shows metrics for your service hosted on AWS Infrastructure"
* Dashboard Name: "ExampleDashboards-Infrastructure"
  * Content: "This shows metrics for the AWS Infrastructure supporting your hosted service"

### Monitoring Scopes

> With CDK Monitoring Constructs, you can monitor complete CDK construct scopes. It will automatically discover all monitorable resources within the scope (recursively)) and add them to your dashboard.

Reviewer: Merge conflict -- should remove this.

Author: Fixed.

* ExampleDashboards-Infrastructure

```ts
// create the dynamic dashboard factory.
const factory = new DynamicDashboardFactory(stack, "DynamicDashboards", {
  dashboardNamePrefix: "ExampleDashboards",
  dashboardConfigs: [
    // 'name' is the minimum required configuration
    { name: "HostedService" },
    // below is an example of additional dashboard-specific config options
    { 
      name: "Infrastructure",
      range: Duration.hours(3),
      periodOverride: PeriodOverride.AUTO,
      renderingPreference: DashboardRenderingPreference.BITMAP_ONLY
    },
  ],
});
```

#### Create `IDynamicDashboardSegment` implementations
For each construct you want monitored, you will need to create an implementation of an `IDynamicDashboardSegment`. The following is a basic reference implementation as an example:

```ts
export enum DashboardTypes {
  HostedService = "HostedService",
  Infrastructure = "Infrastructure",
}

class ExampleSegment implements IDynamicDashboardSegment {
  widgetsForDashboard(name: string): IWidget[] {
    // this logic is what's responsible for allowing your dynamic segment to return
    // different widgets for different dashboards

>     switch (string) {

Author: Fixed
